com.oracle.truffle.api.interop.java.test.PrimitiveRawArrayInteropTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Thread_isInterrupted04 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ConditionTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Thread_isInterrupted02 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.debug.test.SuspendedEventTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Thread_isInterrupted01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.api.directives.test.IsMethodInlineDirectiveTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Reduce_Int04 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Invoke_main03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.StackTrace_AIOOBE_00 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.BigVirtualParams01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.graph.test.TypedNodeIteratorTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ifne started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_StackOverflowError_01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ifnull started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Thread_isInterrupted05 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.InstalledCodeInvalidationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.lir.jtt.SPARCBranchBailoutTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.CompiledNullPointerExceptionTest started
com.oracle.truffle.object.basic.test.DynamicObjectFactoryTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.debug.test.StepTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Thread_isInterrupted03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_cast01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.VN_Cast02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.VN_Cast01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.JDK_ClassLoaders02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lmul started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.ExecuteEvaluatedTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_saload started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Math_sqrt started
org.graalvm.compiler.options.test.NestedBooleanOptionValueTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_monitorenter started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.BinaryNodeTest started
com.oracle.truffle.sl.test.SLDebugLegacyTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_dreturn started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lshr02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_caload started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.source.SourceBuilderDocumentationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.BitOpNodesTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Object_hashCode02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Object_hashCode01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_sastore started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.CompiledExceptionHandlerTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.LoopParseLong started
com.oracle.truffle.sl.test.SLJavaInteropTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.nodes.test.ObjectStampTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.vm.InteractiveEvalTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.nodes.test.NegateNodeCanonicalizationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_getShort01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_nest02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_isPrimitive01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.FallbackTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_nest01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.PhiStampInferencePartialEvaluationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ifnonnull_2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ifnonnull_3 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_getstatic_z started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_irem started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.CompareCanonicalizerTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.HotSpotNodeSubstitutionsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.ClassLoader_loadClass01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.BC_lshr_C16 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.utilities.NeverValidAssumptionTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Fold_Int02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.Bubblesort started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_getstatic_i started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.ThreadLocal01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Math_pow started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.source.SourceTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_getstatic_l started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_getstatic_c started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_getstatic_b started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.profiles.ByteValueProfileTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_getstatic_d started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.EnumSwitchTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_getstatic_f started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.BoxingIdentity started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_isub started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_newInstance03 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.ExpressionOrderTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.InterfaceMethodHandleTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Object_wait02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Object_wait01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.NodeChildTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.debug.FileDumpingTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.interop.ValidTruffleObject15Test started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.BigParamsAlignment started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Int_greaterEqual03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Int_greaterEqual02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.GraalOSRLockTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.debug.test.TimeBoxingTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.DerivedOopTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_newInstance02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.ForeignCallDeoptimizeTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ificmplt2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.BC_imul_4 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ificmplt1 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.BC_idiv_4 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.CopyOfVirtualizationTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.ImportGuardsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Thread_join01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.ObjectAccessTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_getSimpleName02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.InvokeVirtual_01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.InvokeVirtual_02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Math_exact started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_setDouble01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.InvokeExceptionTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.FrameDescriptorTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.inlining.RecursiveInliningTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.HotSpotResolvedObjectTypeTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lushr started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_putfield_03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Object_clone02 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.source.SourceTextTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Object_clone01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_freturn started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ea.EarlyReadEliminationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_allocate02 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.profiles.BranchProfileTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.GraphEncoderTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_instanceof01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.LockEliminationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.deopt.CompiledMethodTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.UnsignedMathTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_caload started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.TestIntrinsicCompiles started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.CallTest started
com.oracle.truffle.sl.test.ToStringOfEvalTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.vm.GlobalSymbolAsynchTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_control02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.SchedulingTest2 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.NullTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.vm.ImplicitExplicitExportTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_dneg started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_dastore started
org.graalvm.compiler.api.directives.test.ControlFlowAnchorDirectiveTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_lrem started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.BigByteParams01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.debug.test.CSVUtilTest$Escape started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_allocate03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_NPE_11 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.VerifyVirtualizableTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.LoopInline started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_NPE_10 started
org.graalvm.compiler.asm.amd64.test.BitOpsTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.PolymorphicTest2 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.instrumentation.test.examples.StatementProfilerExampleTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_bastore started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_fcmp09 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_fcmp08 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.instrumentation.test.examples.CoverageExampleTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ineg started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Int_less01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_fcmp03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_fcmp02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_fcmp01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_fcmp07 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Int_less02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_fcmp05 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_fcmp04 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_checkcast03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_checkcast02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_checkcast01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_Loop01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_get02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.jdk.System_nanoTime02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_dastore started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_get03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_sastore started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.StringCoding_Scale started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_series started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Class_newInstance01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotspot.Test6959129 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_convert01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.StaticInterfaceFieldTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_fmul started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.vm.ToStringTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.BadLongOverflowSpecializationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.deopt.MonitorDeoptTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iload_0_1 started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.AssumptionPartialEvaluationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.VarArgs_float01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ReassociateAndCanonicalTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.NCE_FlowSensitive02 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.debug.test.NestedContextTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.interop.java.test.ObjectTypeTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.CreateCastTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.JDK_ClassLoaders01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.NullLiteralGuardsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.StandardMethodSubstitutionsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.TestSHASubstitutions started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_checkcast1 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_getfield_f started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.hotspot.test.CompiledNativeFunctionInterfaceTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_setLong01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.SimpleCFGTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Long_lessEqual01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.ThreadLocal03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.ThreadLocal02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ifeq_3 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ifeq_2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.asm.amd64.test.SimpleAssemblerTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.UnwindExceptionToCallerTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.MonitorGraphTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Math_log started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_iaload started
com.oracle.truffle.sl.test.SLPolyglotTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_setInt01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.debug.VerifyMethodMetricsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.String_intern01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.String_intern02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.String_intern03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.UnsafeReadEliminationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.StringSubstitutionsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Cmov01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_wide01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_wide02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Cmov02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_getInterfaces01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.UnsafeDeopt started
com.oracle.truffle.object.basic.test.ImplicitCastTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Int_lessEqual01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.ArraysSubstitutionsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Int_lessEqual03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Int_lessEqual02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_bastore started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_frem started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ReadAfterCheckCastTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Math_log10 started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.ExplicitExceptionTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.LoopPhi started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Finally01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.Loop09 started
com.oracle.truffle.sl.test.SLSimpleTestSuite started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Narrow_byte01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.Loop05 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.Loop04 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.Loop07 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.Loop06 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.Loop01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.BigObjectParams01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.Loop03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.Loop02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_getfield_s started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.InvokeHintsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lneg started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Throw_InNested started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_monitorenter02 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.MergeSpecializationsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.StackTrace_NPE_00 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.StackTrace_NPE_03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.StackTrace_NPE_02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.IntegerSubOverflowsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.SafepointRethrowDeoptPETest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Reduce_IntShift01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.UnsignedIntegerTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Reduce_Double01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_invokespecial01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Math_round started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iadd started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_dsub started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Bridge_method01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.ClassCastBytecodeExceptionTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Object_toString01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Object_toString02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.BoxingTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Throw_Synchronized03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Throw_Synchronized02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Throw_Synchronized05 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Throw_Synchronized04 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.profiles.BinaryConditionProfileTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Narrow_byte03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.Loop08 started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.LazyInitializationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.asm.aarch64.test.AArch64MacroAssemblerTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lrem2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.graph.test.NodeMapTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ldc_06 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.utilities.AssumedValueTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ldc_04 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ldc_03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_checkcast started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ldc_01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.BigFloatParams02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_allocate01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Thread_join03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.jdk.System_nanoTime01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_getfield_i started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Math_exp started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Invoke_main02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.api.directives.test.LockInstrumentationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_castore started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.InfopointReasonTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_aload_2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_f2i02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.InstrumentBranchesPhaseTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_aload_3 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.object.dsl.test.ObjectTypeSuperclassTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.interop.ForeignAccessToStringTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.UnbalancedMonitorsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_allocate04 started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.classfile.ClassfileBytecodeProviderTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_aload_1 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.GuardedIntrinsicTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_daload started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lload_2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Reduce_Float01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lload_0 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_multianewarray started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.BC_lmul_16 started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.BytecodeInterpreterPartialEvaluationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Thread_isAlive01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_dadd started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_lastore started
com.oracle.truffle.api.interop.java.test.ClassInteropTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Phi01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.profiles.LongValueProfileTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_fneg started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Phi02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_Loop03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iadd_const1 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.PushThroughIfTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.jdk.Thread_setName started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_forName02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.InvokeTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_athrow1 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iconst started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_forName01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.instrumentation.test.SourceListenerTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.api.directives.test.DeoptimizeDirectiveTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_NASE_2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.FindUniqueConcreteMethodBugTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Thread_yield01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.jdk.System_currentTimeMillis01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.object.dsl.test.NullabilityTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.TypeBoxingTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.HotSpotNmethodTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iadd_const2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.ProcessEnvironment_init started
com.oracle.truffle.api.instrumentation.test.InstrumentationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Thread_new02 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.debug.test.DoubleHaltTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.instrumentation.test.InstrumentationMultiThreadingTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.LongNodeChainTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotspot.Test6850611 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.ConstantLoadTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Finally02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Except_Synchronized05 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Except_Synchronized04 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_setByte01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Except_Synchronized01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.SubstitutionsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Except_Synchronized03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Except_Synchronized02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.BigMixedParams01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.vm.JavaInteropDocumentationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.BigMixedParams02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.BigMixedParams04 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_instanceof started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Fold_Int01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.BigShortParams01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.NodeFieldTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iflt started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.RootNodeTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Monitorenter01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lload_01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Monitorenter02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_getstatic_s started
com.oracle.truffle.api.debug.test.LegacyStepTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_laload started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.TypeCastElem started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Thread_currentThread01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iload_2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.Fibonacci started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.InstanceOfTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_saload started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_drem started
org.graalvm.compiler.nodes.test.IntegerStampTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.StackTrace_CCE_00 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.inlining.InliningTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.profiles.ExactClassValueProfileTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Monitor_contended01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.GraalOSRTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ConditionalEliminationTest11 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ConditionalEliminationTest10 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.LoopEscape started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.BC_idiv_16 started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.NewMultiArrayTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.jdk.LongBits started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_tableswitch3 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_tableswitch2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.NestedLoopTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_multianewarray02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_multianewarray03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.String_format02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.MethodHandleEagerResolution started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iadd_const0 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.vm.AsyncExecutorTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_multianewarray04 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iadd_const3 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_aaload0 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Reduce_Int01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Reduce_Int02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Reduce_Int03 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.profiles.LoopConditionProfileTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ea.PoorMansEATest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ea.PEAAssertionsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotspot.Test6196102 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Class_getMethod01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lshr started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_getModifiers02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.VN_Long01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_getModifiers01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.DontReuseArgumentSpaceTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.nodes.NodeUtilTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.debug.test.LegacyBreakpointCreationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.OptimizedCallTargetTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.MethodGuardsWithArgumentsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_newarray started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Narrow_short01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Narrow_short02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Narrow_short03 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.NegatedGuardsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.ReadOnlyArrayListPartialEvaluationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.debug.test.CSVUtilTest$FormatStringBuilder started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.LLE_01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.NCE_03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.NCE_02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.NCE_01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iload_0_2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Field_set02 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.utilities.UnionAssumptionTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.NCE_04 started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.HotSpotMethodSubstitutionTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Throw_Synchronized01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_getfield_b started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_getfield_c started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_getfield_d started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ConstantArrayReadFoldingTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.api.directives.test.IterationDirectiveTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_count started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.deopt.SafepointRethrowDeoptTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.object.dsl.test.ImplicitCastTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_Literal01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_getfield_l started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_getfield_o started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.jdk.Class_getName started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.sparc.test.SPARCAllocatorTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.jdk.EnumMap02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.HashCodeTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_baload started
com.oracle.truffle.object.basic.test.DeclaredLocationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_invokeinterface started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_getfield_z started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_life started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Class_getField02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.SchedulingTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Reduce_Long02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Reduce_Long03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_aload_0 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Reduce_Long01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Reduce_Long04 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.TruffleRuntimeTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_isAssignableFrom03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_isAssignableFrom02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_isAssignableFrom01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.amd64.test.ConstantStackMoveTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_anewarray started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.WriteBarrierAdditionTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Invoke_virtual01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Invoke_except01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.CompilerAssertsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.ReplacementsParseTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.StrangeFrames started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Field_get03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.BC_ldiv_16 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.LoopNodeTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lreturn started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.VN_Int02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.InstanceOfDynamicTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Class_getMethod02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.MonitorTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.VN_Int03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.OptimizedOSRLoopNodeTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Class_getField01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.object.dsl.test.FinalPropertiesTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ldiv3 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_fdiv started
com.oracle.truffle.api.object.dsl.test.IdentifierTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.ClassSubstitutionsTests started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.profiles.PrimitiveValueProfileTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Object_wait03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.jdk.IntegerBits started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.VN_Int01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.lir.jtt.LIRTestTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.debug.test.DebuggerSessionTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ixor started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.debug.MethodMetricsTest4 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.LoopLastIndexOf started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.debug.MethodMetricsTest6 started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.TruffleRuntimeTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.StampCanonicalizerTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.debug.MethodMetricsTest1 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.debug.MethodMetricsTest2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.debug.MethodMetricsTest3 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_NPE_06 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.source.ContentDigestTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_NPE_04 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.VN_Long03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_NPE_02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.BC_ldiv_4 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_NPE_00 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.vm.ContextStoreProfileTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_set01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.vm.EngineTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.CommonedConstantsTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.instrumentation.test.SourceSectionFilterTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Fold_InstanceOf01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_NPE_09 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.SpillLoopPhiVariableAtDefinition started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_setBoolean01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_fsub started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.SLCompileImmediatelyTestSuite started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.PhiCreationTests started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.debug.MethodMetricsTest5 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_fcmp10 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ladd2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_areturn started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Object_wait04 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.jdk.Unsafe_compareAndSwap started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_invokevirtual02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_aastore0 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Int_greaterEqual01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_Unresolved started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.amd64.test.AMD64AllocatorTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.OptionsVerifierTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.jdk.ShortBits started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.vm.InitializationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Float_02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Float_03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Float_01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.VarArgs_double01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.debug.test.DebugStackFrameTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ldc_05 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_getLength01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.nodes.test.ReinterpretStampLongToDoubleTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.ArrayTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotspot.Test6186134 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_tableswitch4 started
org.graalvm.compiler.lir.jtt.StackMoveTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_NPE_07 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.NodeChildNoNameTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.DegeneratedLoopsTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.instrumentation.test.InstrumentableTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ldc_02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_Two01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_NPE_05 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ishl started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lor started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_f2d started
com.oracle.truffle.sl.test.SLTckTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.IsolatedClassLoaderTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.lir.test.ExceedMaxOopMapStackOffset started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_putfield started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_NPE_03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_setChar01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.source.LineLocationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_Two02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.HotSpotMonitorValueTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.LimitTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.MemoryArithmeticTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_NPE_01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_fastore started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.TypeSystemTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.profiles.DoubleValueProfileTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_fload_2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.BigFloatParams01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.vm.EngineSingleThreadedTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.BigIntParams02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.BailoutPartialEvaluationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ConditionalEliminationLoadFieldConstantFoldTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.vm.LanguageCacheReflectiveReinitializationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Narrow_char03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Narrow_char02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_forName04 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.LazyClassLoadingTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Thread_setPriority01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.object.dsl.test.ObjectTypePublicTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.BigIntParams01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.debug.test.DebugHistogramTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ea.PartialEscapeAnalysisTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.options.test.TestOptionValue started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_f2l01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ificmpne1 started
org.graalvm.compiler.nodes.test.ReinterpretStampFloatToIntTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.utilities.CyclicAssumptionTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_NPE_08 started
org.graalvm.compiler.lir.test.alloc.trace.TraceGlobalMoveResolutionMappingTest started
com.oracle.truffle.object.basic.test.LocationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_isArray01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.StringHashConstantTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_dmul started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.SpecializationFallthroughTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Double_conditional started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.InstalledCodeExecuteHelperTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.VN_Double02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.LoopSwitch01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_getChar01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.IntegerEqualsCanonicalizerTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_newarray started
org.graalvm.compiler.nodes.test.ReinterpretStampDoubleToLongTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Class_getDeclaredField01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iaload started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_d2f started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.CompilationFinalPartialEvaluationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.BC_lshr_C32 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ea.PEAReadEliminationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_asSubclass01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.jdk.UnsafeAccess01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.ReturnTypeSpecializationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_d2l02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_setShort01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_f2i01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ConditionalEliminationMulTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Object_wait03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Object_wait02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Object_wait01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_invoke01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.CodeFormatTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.InvokeInterface_01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ShortCircuitNodeTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Thread_join02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lxor started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_idiv started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.VerifyBailoutUsageTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.VarArgs_int01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.AssumptionsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iload_3 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.BigInterfaceParams01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.amd64.test.DataPatchInConstantsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.IntegerStampMulFoldTest$OverflowTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.StringEqualsConstantTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iload_1_1 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_control01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.interop.java.test.MethodMessageTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_l2i_2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.lir.jtt.ConstantStackCastTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.ArrayCompare02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.ArrayCompare01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iload_0 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.ABCE_02 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.CachedTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.VarArgs_Unroll started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_tableswitch started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.source.BytesSourceSectionTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Class_getDeclaredMethod01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Long_lessEqual03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Long_lessEqual02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_getComponentType01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ifgt started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.BoxingEliminationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.BigMixedParams03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_aastore1 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.Loop09_2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_getSimpleName01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.UnsafeSubstitutionsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iinc_1 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Long_reverseBytes01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iload_1 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.TestSerialization started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Logic0 started
org.graalvm.compiler.nodes.test.ReinterpretStampIntToFloatTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Thread_holdsLock01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.SynchronizedLoopExit01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_NASE_1 started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.ExplodeLoopBlockDuplicationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Inline02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Inline01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.PointerTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_array03 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.nodes.SafeReplaceTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.VarArgs_long01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.EnumPartialEvaluationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.asm.amd64.test.IncrementDecrementMacroTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.nodes.test.LoopLivenessTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ReferenceGetLoopTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.source.SourceSectionTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.ArrayStoreBytecodeExceptionTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Throw_NPE_01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ReentrantBlockIteratorTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.AssumptionInvalidationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Fold_Double02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.Loop07_2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ifnonnull started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.CompileTheWorldTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lload_3 started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.DFAPartialEvaluationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.VarArgs_String01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.amd64.test.MatchRuleTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Fold_Float02 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.profiles.CountingConditionProfileTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_Two03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Fold_Float01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ifge started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.DeoptimizeOnExceptionTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_land started
com.oracle.truffle.object.basic.test.ShapeTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.CheckGraalInvariants started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_Unresolved03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_Unresolved02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_Unresolved01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.BC_invokevirtual2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.PointerTrackingTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Method_getParameterTypes01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iand started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.source.SourceBuilderTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_athrow3 started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.CRC32SubstitutionsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_fload started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_array04 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_array02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ImplicitNullCheckTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_array01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.NodePosIteratorTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lshl started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_getDouble01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_invokespecial started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.examples.Interop started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_athrow2 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.ReplaceTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_athrow0 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_aastore started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_dcmp01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_dcmp03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_dcmp02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_dcmp05 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_dcmp04 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_dcmp07 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_dcmp06 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_dcmp09 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.IntegerLiteralGuardsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_inline01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_baload started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.VarArgs_boolean01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.ImplicitCastTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_newInstance01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_dneg2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_getFloat01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.impl.AccessorTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.OnStackReplacementTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Fold_Long01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Reduce_LongShift01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_dead01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_getfield1 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_irem started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.ControlFlowExceptionPartialEvaluationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.BigObjectParams02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.api.directives.test.BlackholeDirectiveTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_getBoolean01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.interop.impl.ReadOnlyArrayListTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.BC_lmul_4 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_aaload started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_ldiv2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iastore started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.NewInstanceTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.CompilationFinalWeakReferencePartialEvaluationTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.StackTraceTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_dcmp08 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_new started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.ConstantPoolSubstitutionsTests started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.VN_Field02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.VN_Field01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.ExactMathTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.FrameTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.IntegerMulExactFoldTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.BigDoubleParams02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.api.directives.test.RootNameDirectiveTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_laload started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ior started
org.graalvm.compiler.asm.sparc.test.SPARCAssemblerTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_scope01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ificmpne2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.FloatingReads started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_inline02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.StraighteningTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.jdk.CharacterBits started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.SignExtendShort started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.examples.FunctionCall started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ScalarTypeSystemTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Fold_Long02 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.vm.GlobalSymbolTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.profiles.IdentityValueProfileTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_aaload_1 started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.hotspot.test.PENativeFunctionInterfaceTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.UntrustedInterfaces started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Class_newInstance02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Class_newInstance03 started
com.oracle.truffle.sl.test.SLFactorialTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.ChildNodeTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Class_newInstance06 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Class_newInstance07 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.profiles.FloatValueProfileTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_daload started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.VN_Loop01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.InferStamp01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.StackTrace_NPE_01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.examples.RubyCall started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_arraylength started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.jdk.UnsafeAllocateInstance01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Long_greaterEqual01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Narrow_byte02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Long_greaterEqual03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Long_greaterEqual02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ea.EAMergingTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Math_sin started
com.oracle.truffle.api.object.dsl.test.TypesTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_putfield_04 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.examples.MathPow started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_putfield_02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.graph.test.TypedNodeIteratorTest2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_trees01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_putfield_01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.FoldTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.NodePropertiesTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_invokespecial2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.SLTruffleGraalTestSuite started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_athrow started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.String_valueOf01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.ArgumentsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Float_conditional started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.IntegerStampMulFoldTest$FoldTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.LoopUnroll started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.NoTypeSystemTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.VarArgs_char01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ifeq started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iinc_4 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iinc_3 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iinc_2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.ReassociateConstants started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.ArrayCopyGeneric started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Double_01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ea.UnsafeEATest started
org.graalvm.compiler.phases.common.test.StampFactoryTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.api.test.GraalAPITest started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.WordTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.IfReorderTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.jdk.System_currentTimeMillis02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_idea started
org.graalvm.compiler.api.directives.test.ProbabilityDirectiveTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ldiv2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_ldiv started
org.graalvm.compiler.nodes.test.ObjectStampJoinTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.lir.test.CompositeValueReplacementTest1 started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.JVMCIInfopointErrorTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.FrameTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ConditionalEliminationTest3 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ConditionalEliminationTest2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ConditionalEliminationTest1 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Phi03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ConditionalEliminationTest7 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ConditionalEliminationTest6 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ConditionalEliminationTest5 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ConditionalEliminationTest4 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_dsub2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Math_tan started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ConditionalEliminationTest9 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ConditionalEliminationTest8 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.VerifyDebugUsageTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_newInstance05 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_newInstance04 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_fastore started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.NestedLoop_EA started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.IndexOobBytecodeExceptionTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.ShortCircuitTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_field04 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Monitor_notowner01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.ChildrenNodesTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_i2s started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Field_getType01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.PerformanceWarningTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.api.directives.test.AllocationInstrumentationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_getfield started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.InterfaceChildFieldTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Boxed_TYPE_01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_anewarray started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Switch01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Switch02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.BigLongParams02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.BlockSkip01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.FloatOptimizationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.NCE_FlowSensitive04 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Double_toString started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.LoopSpilling started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_invokevirtual01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.NCE_FlowSensitive05 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.debug.MethodMetricsTestInterception01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.debug.MethodMetricsTestInterception02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.graph.test.NodeUsagesTests started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.LoadJavaMirrorWithKlassTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.amd64.test.CompressedNullCheckTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Reduce_Convert01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ladd started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.vm.EngineAsynchTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.System_identityHashCode01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.List_reorder_bug started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.ABCE_03 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.ThreadSafetyTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.ABCE_01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.CooperativePhaseTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Long_reverseBytes02 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.interop.java.test.JavaInteropTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.FinalFieldTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lrem started
org.graalvm.compiler.asm.sparc.test.BitSpecTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iushr started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_invokestatic started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Field_get02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Field_get01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Math_abs started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.DegeneratedLoop started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Field_get04 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.debug.test.LegacyNestedContextTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_cast02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Throw_InCatch02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_getLong01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.interop.java.test.JavaInteropDocumentationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.lir.test.GenericValueMapTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.nodes.test.ShortCircuitOrNodeTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_monitorenter started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.NewArrayTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ifnull_2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ifnull_3 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_irem3 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_irem2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.backend.EmptyMethodTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.BC_lshr_C24 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.VN_Convert01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_idiv2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.HotSpotCryptoSubstitutionTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.VN_Convert02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.GuardEliminationCornerCasesTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_i2d started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.EdgesTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.interop.java.test.JavaFunctionTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_invokevirtual started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.MergeCanonicalizerTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.object.dsl.test.BuildArgumentsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.amd64.test.StubAVXTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.UnsupportedSpecializationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotspot.Test6753639 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.FindUniqueDefaultMethodTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.MarkUnsafeAccessTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.FinalizableSubclassTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lastore started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_idiv2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.NCE_FlowSensitive01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.object.dsl.test.GuardsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.NCE_FlowSensitive03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.LambdaEagerTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.amd64.test.StackStoreTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Fold_Convert04 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.deopt.SynchronizedMethodDeoptimizationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Narrow_char01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.VN_Long02 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.interop.MessageStringTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_i2l started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.FrameSlotTypeSpecializationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.CheckGraalIntrinsics started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.jdk.EnumMap01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.jdk.Unsafe_compareAndSwapNullCheck started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.PolymorphicTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.IfCanonicalizerTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.DataPatchTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.graph.test.NodeValidationChecksTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Long_greater02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Long_greater03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iadd2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_iadd3 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_set02 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.interop.java.test.BoxedStringTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.Matrix01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_iastore started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.tutorial.StaticAnalysisTests started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Int_greater03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_getfield started
com.oracle.truffle.api.debug.test.BreakpointTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_idiv started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.TruffleToTruffleCallExceptionHandlerTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_getSuperClass01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.MethodGuardsTest started
com.oracle.truffle.sl.test.SLParseInContextTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Object_equals01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.DynamicNewArrayTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_isInterface01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_newInstance06 started
org.graalvm.compiler.debug.test.CSVUtilTest$Formatter started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.SourceSectionTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_fcmp06 started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.TruffleEnsureVirtualizedTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_d2i02 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.ContainsTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Math_cos started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_isInstance03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_isInstance02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_isInstance01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.debug.test.DebugTimerTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_isInstance07 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_isInstance06 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_isInstance05 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_isInstance04 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.backend.LargeConstantSectionTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.VN_Float01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.VN_Float02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_get01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_setFloat01 started
com.oracle.truffle.tools.test.ProfilerTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.nodes.test.IfNodeCanonicalizationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_faload started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_d2i01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.PEGraphDecoderTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_f2l02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_Loop02 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.interop.java.test.PrimitiveTypeTest started
void started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Int_less03 started
com.oracle.truffle.sl.test.SLDebugTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.BC_imul_16 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_fadd started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Throw_InCatch03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.NullBytecodeExceptionTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.LoopUnswitchTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Long_greater01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.InvokeInterface_04 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.profiles.IntValueProfileTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Except_Locals started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.ConvertCompare started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_getInt01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.WriteBarrierVerificationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.ArrayCopy06 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.ArrayCopy05 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.ArrayCopy04 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.ArrayCopy03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.ArrayCopy02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.ArrayCopy01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ea.EscapeAnalysisTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.instrumentation.test.SourceSectionListenerTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.debug.test.LegacyDoubleHaltTest started
com.oracle.nfi.test.NativeFunctionInterfaceTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_faload started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.DeadCode02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.DeadCode01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.jdk.DivideUnsigned started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_forName03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Object_getClass01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.SpecializationGroupingTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ConcreteSubtypeTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Thread_new01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ea.NestedBoxingTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.object.dsl.test.InheritanceTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_l2i started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_set03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_dcmp10 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Long_less01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ldiv started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.VarArgs_short01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.LoopPhiResolutionTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Field_set03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Long_less02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Field_set01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.SimplePartialEvaluationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.SchedulingBug_01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.utilities.AlwaysValidAssumptionTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.vm.ExceptionDuringParsingTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.backend.ConstantPhiTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.PushNodesThroughPiTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.AmbiguousClassNameTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.HotSpotResolvedJavaFieldTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.debug.test.LegacyBreakpointTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.vm.IsMimeTypeSupportedTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.interop.java.test.PrimitiveArrayInteropTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ishr started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.AheadOfTimeCompilationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Invoke_main01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_arraylength started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.CompressedOopTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_scope02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.jdk.System_setOut started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.VN_Double01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lookupswitch03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lookupswitch02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lookupswitch01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.InvokeInterface_02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.InvokeInterface_03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lookupswitch05 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lookupswitch04 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.object.dsl.test.InheritedShapePropertiesTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_StackOverflowError_02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Catch_StackOverflowError_03 started
com.oracle.truffle.object.basic.test.SharedShapeTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ireturn started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.Loop12 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.Loop13 started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.amd64.test.AMD64HotSpotFrameOmissionTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.Loop11 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.Loop16 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.Loop17 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.Loop14 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.Loop15 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.ReferenceMap01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Reduce_LongShift02 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.interop.ForeignAccessSingleThreadedTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Conditional01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Fold_Double03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Fold_Double01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.tutorial.GraalTutorial started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ifge_3 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Array_getByte01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_castore started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.ProfilingInfoTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.replacements.test.classfile.RedefineIntrinsicTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Object_notify01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ddiv started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Object_notify02 started
com.oracle.truffle.sl.test.SLContextTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.VN_InstanceOf02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.nodes.test.LoopPhiCanonicalizerTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.hotspot.test.NativeFunctionInterfaceUnsatisfiedLinkTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.VN_InstanceOf03 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.object.dsl.test.SemiFinalPropertiesTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.interop.VisibilityTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ifge_2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_checkcast6 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.vm.ValueTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_checkcast4 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_checkcast5 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_checkcast2 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_checkcast3 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_getName02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_putstatic started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lload_1 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_getName01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_field01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.FloatingReadTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_field03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_field02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_ifle started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Int_greater01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Int_greater02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.api.directives.test.OpaqueDirectiveTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.loop.LoopNewInstance started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lsub started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_i2c started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_i2b started
com.oracle.truffle.api.instrumentation.test.examples.DebuggerExampleTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_imul started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_i2f started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.hotpath.HP_demo01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Reduce_IntShift02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Fold_Convert03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Fold_Convert02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Fold_Convert01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.TruffleDirectCallNodeTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Thread_getState01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Thread_getState02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.ArrayLength01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_l2d started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_l2f started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.String_format01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.debug.test.DebugValueTest started
com.oracle.truffle.object.basic.test.ConstantLocationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.hotspot.test.ArrayCopyIntrinsificationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.reflect.Method_getReturnType01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.BC_aaload1 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_multianewarray01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.nodes.test.ObjectStampMeetTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.test.profiles.EqualityValueProfileTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.MemoryScheduleTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.object.dsl.test.BasicTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.object.dsl.test.VolatileTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Long_less03 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.object.dsl.test.ShapePropertiesTest started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.SynchronizationTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.micro.VarArgs_byte01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_lcmp started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.threads.Thread_sleep01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_d2l03 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.CountedLoopTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.bytecode.BC_d2l01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Object_notifyAll01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Class_forName05 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.lang.Object_notifyAll02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.core.test.TypeWriterTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.LongToSomethingArray01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.VN_InstanceOf01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.truffle.test.ConditionAnchoringTest started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.except.Throw_InCatch01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Fold_Math01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.Fold_Cast01 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.ConditionalElimination02 started
org.graalvm.compiler.jtt.optimize.ConditionalElimination01 started
com.oracle.truffle.api.dsl.test.IdentityComparisonTest started
